hi everyone this is the 305 salta and
today i'm gonna show you the how to get
the Bible Adam done in shadow honest
this she needs any item but you suck
tactics it like it's in this battle
battle orgy prophecy
they just select any difficulty but also
like normal okay
some people will just read sort of macho
okay so like macho or pending but better
selected like libel who loses one of the
coolest Trevor anybody knows how to play
the blue see have a fourth prepping just
don't play with for that because of are
better movies just did because the
objective is just occupied all enemy
Jack wants to that killing enemy and the
enemy officer so you selected meat but I
have here speed like back now I was here
like okay like this
good luck Frank
and okay Shadow Hearts right there okay
any orbit to select and part that rather
like I got mine developing okay just
father got mine alone which like does
this means like so make the week's
bodyguardian have the objective is all
to occupy all three checkpoints make
sure you come straight in the game menu
again to share office chatter honest is
one of the easiest harnesses ever to get
it's more easier than right now just
take this checkpoint him here and you
know the enemy officers
yeah happy with everything you got you
luck okay just take over here this
concentrate on this jackpot does it has
a name young so the officer will start
oh my god and here just follow the
instructions I gave you and follow my
movements and get the shadows
and I'm just need money anybody army
course monomers and we're watching this
video
I do not have red hair harness the docks
architecture disease
task force this is the fastest horse in
the game so they're not again it just
make sure it with my channel it's my
video gotta get right in hearts when
their heart is one of these it's also to
get all harnesses are youth but the
easiest hardness is hex mark
there's a harness little too difficult
sermon system our message appears the
Krannert strength billing system causes
much
just ignore the commander of my
challenges head up
make sure we do it once I wanted this
make sure good to his hey and there's a
checkpoint you have a beer behind John
root beer check what will it be when
shall you want that's all
this is not my chose orders
this jackpot over here
make sure you defeat him
defeating it
vile item will be discovered right here
in front
it'll just restart
and chaotic
a lot of indiscriminate the volume is
military you got shadow arms make sure
when you get the shadow on you make sure
we do to my chowder I mean every officer
see over here
make sure I get that
we get horse
laughs wish you were down her
just make sure you get to I told me the
luck
we need luck
make sure the bilateral discovered
and even do strange
mr. H
we come wait calm
I'll pitch if I have the fourth lesson
comes finally for that
therefore I suggest we have any ports
but they kept but you're playing with
the character as a head back I'll
suggest you don't play in the front just
play with it
we're live in a week I'll just play with
the recognize a lot need luck in this
free to keep back
storm artist
this is the shadow - okay you've got the
shadow harness goodbye see you next time